Jan 10:
Tried using existing image and scale it - looks bad when scaled. Decided to draw my own pixelated car with dimensions i need.

Jan 11:
Wrote base code for game. Control car nicely and realistically. Made radar with lines (2 points and draw line)

Jan 12:
Collisions. Draw test track. Implementing track collisions (both are sprites collisions using masks). Tried to do radar with sprites as well.
Collisions work but getting the point and distance is tricky. Decided to convert track into points with outline and check line intersections with radar.

Jan 13:
Implemented checking for line intersections with radar (that is now just lines drawn between 2 stored points for each beam) works well.
One problem: has 2 invisible walls??!?!?!?!?! Bug in radar.py code
Need to think where to put all radar and collision code.

Jan 14:
Fixed bug now checks line intersections properly and gets proper distances

SUMMARY:
Layer 1: Picture of road edges converted to sprite and collision checking using masks with the car that is also a picture converted to sprite
Layer 2: Converting filled picture of road to points using outline(30) and picking every 30th point.
         Using these points can construct lines that make the approximation of the road. Radar is also just lines (2 points: start and end)
         So, can use line formulas to find point where radar intersects with the road and distance to it.
Layer 3: In future add just a pretty layer for the user to make the road look nicer

Jan 16:
Draw full training track. Properly join the two halfs. Leave empty space in one spot so that the outline can be properly drawn.
Draw missing lines

Jan 18:
Refactor radar: put it in a separate class. Car has instance of radar
Appended points to pointList needed to draw missing lines
Refactor radar: store all beam attributes in lists instead of an attribute for each single beam
So all lists have 5 values: 1 for each beam
Draw left part of pretty layer and finish line

Jan 21:
Finish pretty layer. Improved performance by adding convert_alpha() to loaded images to make them draw faster

Jan 22:
Racetrack class now has everything related to it. Started reward lines.

Jan 23:
Finished placing reward lines. Recording lap time and time when crossed each reward line.
Resetting cross time activate/disable reward/finish lines on crash etc. Record number of laps and crashes before finishing a lap

Feb 19:
Started Implementing NN. Separated game in its own class and file. Can manually play game if launching game.py
Added frame stepping function in game for NN to take action in a frame and get reward.

Things to experiment with:
Hidden nodes
Number of actions
Slow down car (yes/no)
Point allocation
Running action for multiple frames
Squishing input? distances closer to max get close to 1
Reward based on distances of radar beams

Feb 20:
Finished implementing NN. Implemented experience replay and ε-greedy exploration with decay

Feb 21:
2 short side beams. Award points based on how the action maximises distances and car speed. Reward lines bad?
All 6 controls. Punish for stopping.

TRY Double DQN!

Feb 22: Fixed bug with radar - points on screen were floats instead of ints. Added more beams and made them different length

Feb 29: Implemented Double DQN.

March 1: Fixed Double DQN: wasn't properly copying weights.

TRY Dueling DQN
Maybe dont allow complete stop? limit speed to 1?

March 4: Min speed of 1 with slow down, 4 actions and brakes works very well.
Implemented dueling DDQN